Hello dear friends and today
of course we are in to 7201 or how are you
already affectionately nicknamed sneaker lion today
we will see one rather amusing fight
and talk about not propping up
allies this will be the main moral
of today's fight and so look what u
we have here on this tank and at the same time
and watch the fight 9 and 4 seconds recharge
4 seconds are reduced guns are guns
same as the mouse only
slightly she's fast-fire here 12 and
8 centimeters gun immediately you damage
816 units breaking 248 millimeters
quite enough on the ninth level
great thing the only thing with
Of course, if only a little
quickly it would be great 3220
hit points are pretty good
even quite good fat car and
By the way, armor, too, of course
solves 150 millimeters in the forehead of the body 180
millimeters in the forehead of the tower is cool
look in chat and you see i nagibator
for me now you will understand everything
one nagibator we have already left the crowd
enemies and now he's just very
not bad yes either this here and the second one arrived
and got behind me
Well, of course , I'm trying to do something neatly
you slip out so that you can
stand overboard and not bother to the bottom
bronelist who is pretty weak here
there is no need for pain points on the tower
shoot this under her tower in epaulets
bang and then you'll pierce here's how
now they have punched me on the cheek but that too
does not always happen there all the same there
some which corners of the tower is quite strong
the sides of the hull are certainly not as strong
as it would be desirable but rather from them
not bad bounce if you play under
at a high angle I am here so here
got up and the top of the tower so that I could not
nothing purposeful and when
only my recharge is right
end and bring down and give a butt to the enemy
1 701 of them lay down here our ally died
and this one here to whom and propped
he is also trying to get through
most still pushes me on the enemy
and in general, absolutely nothing good
here it does not do me just interferes well
in the meantime, we have already merged three
ally this in a pap general min Th
trying to climb a mountain
but what do you do to me
I do not go round the drinks pestalbed friend
my here pushes out i'm trying
back drive up here now all
I understand that I will not give anything
do have to travel and die a
what else to do
who else tank out and die from
opponents because I don't know where
I 'll stand up if there
corpse 701 I will disassemble on my left I will rise on
left me will understand about the general very
even so cool decided to get up
middle pass at me all killed
we have time to hand out farewell buns and
from Endova hoof Well, of course I
already the one who confirms me and merge
Well what else could I do, and I
beautiful i merged
great great back me
pushed out just stupidly on opponents well
what do i have of course on this
about just a little bit
burned but in general I'm already loyal
treat such things but a guy if you
look give me this video never again
so do not a bad person you
radish like this, now I ask
making berries on the baby but what am I doing to me
now I understand everything absolutely
I can do nothing, I can calmly
watch the fight and let's talk
more about sneaker lion car slow
the car is very similar to sneakers b she is very
armored has a pretty pretty
cannon but slow and single
The problem with them is the rear location
turret gun does not fall down that is
the soldiers but we do not have in general not
say that it really hurt
especially when you need to click click
something gorges is very good
so decides that these bar here so you can
playing a diamond is quite good
still plus a pretty strong tower with
huge mask and generally not bad
pretty guns for nine quite
I really liked the tank and
I advise you to pump it in although I do not know
why do desyatochka probably
it will not be better although I still try it
try it out maybe it will be needed
let's see how it all turns out in life
we are the only ally
who is being killed now
and at the same time we'll see the results of course
fight and look at our awesome on
batyrs and I tried but also managed it
write to chat well what thanks to all for
view and look at the results of the team
on my results and ulti ult u in k
which me backed on mine and again on
its what did you understand yes to all
see you soon